doc: refinement of timeline use cases (#947)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/assigned/map_timeline_event_view.md

- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** User, App
- **Brief:** The user sees addition/removal of elements as events using the timeline feature.
- **Assignee:** Daniel Steinkogler

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  The user has opened the app and selected a map.
- **Main success scenario:**
  - The user sees events represented on the scrollbar of the timeline feature, allowing them to understand how the map changed over time.
    Events include:
    - addition of an element to the map (colored green)
    - removal of an element from the map (colored red)

>   - the events a represented by either a line or a bar chart on the sliders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - the events are represented by a visual indication directly at the day/month/year on the sliders.
```

>   - the timeline can be scaled vertically for better graph readability.

Reviewer: Rationale usually not needed.

```suggestion
  - the timeline can be scaled vertically for touch screen usage.
```
